it was Kramer I don't know what's
against him Where's Waldo I don't think
that sighs I think what he's trying to
say is that he had a heart attack
come on sugar sombrero this is
ridiculous radiating waves okay I know
what this is
you saw that show on PBS less like
coronary country
TV Guide I call them tall to make sure
and not watch it there was nothing
outside
Sean anorexia last year for two weeks oh
so what do you want you want me to take
you to the hospital and that memorial
that's annoying I'll call it everything
all right just a check you made a
mistake
okay Oh George George Costanza I've
never been at the hospital of that in my
life I'm gonna have my paddle top you
know different give me any ice cream
salami salami
oh boy your friends fine he didn't have
a heart attack call me in a few minutes
what a surprise
hey how you doing buddy you need
anything you want me to I'll get your
Superman comic Thanks
you know I was wondering you don't have
Blackhawks Jack again
well sure my Blackhawks jacket I love my
Blackhawks charity well you know I was
thinking if things don't exactly
well it wouldn't fit you the sleeves are
too short no I try not if it's good you
know
okay oh and do you think would be all
right if I called Susan Davis Susan
Davis already second but I will be
bumping into you
oh you would Susan Davis yeah future was
a little more certain okay good call it
get buried I babies it's a great life
okay I'm finished it's all over for me
in fact let's end it right now
Gary kill me can't be down I'm begging
you let's let's just get it over with
big pal just take the pillow I put it
over my face
Oh what kinda like this
what are you
sure
there's nothing wrong mmm I saw the
doctor he's how you feel is anybody
getting your apartment
get out of here I'm gonna change my life
give it to a whole sin sing take up
yogurt
better take a leave right calm down was
my anger much extended yeah I feel a lot
better when we put that gear ekgs ran
some tests did a complete workup Bobby
you simply heaven had a heart attack I
have it okay okay George actually liked
to keep him here overnight for
observation just to be safe
oh sure sure I think nothing wrong with
me I wouldn't go that far
is it really jealous
yeah we had your tonsils taken out by
tonsils
yeah that was a kid they've grown back
really Oh tonsils grow back everyone in
Miami has their chances in fact we were
forbidden to socialize with anybody who
didn't have their tonsils interesting
because no one in my family has their
tonsils and we were forbidden to
socialize with tonsil people looks like
a Capulets and the Montagues
excuse me anyway strongly recommend that
come out what should be was it died yes
for the night
that's why you be completely under you
wouldn't feel a thing then when you wake
up you can have some ice cream yeah
that's what they told ya sorry
just have to ask that doctor one more
we've been going to doctors like men do
it the bottles they want someone with
knowledge of the body
we just want fuck they got a great
Catholic ticket downstairs
food sandwiches of salad board
it's like scissor over the hospital